doc: clarify the parameter byteOffset for lastIndexOf method of Buffer (#38167)
nodejs/node: doc/api/buffer.md

-->

* `value` {string|Buffer|Uint8Array|integer} What to search for.

> * `byteOffset` {integer} The index of the last byte in `buf` to be considered
>   as the beginning of a match. If negative, then offset is calculated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `byteOffset` {integer} The last zero-based index (in bytes) of `buf` to be
  considered as the beginning of a match. If negative, then offset is calculated
```

<br>

My 2¢, but given that `Buffer` is a subclass of `Uint8Array`, we may be able to use some of the language used by MDN if it's more suitable.

> The `Buffer` class is a subclass of JavaScript's [`Uint8Array`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array) class and extends it with methods that cover additional use cases.

Refs: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray/byteOffset

Author: > I find the proposed wording harder to understand, but maybe that's just me. Do others think it is either more precise or easier to read? @nodejs/documentation

I was inspired by the documentation concerning the `lastIndexOf` method of string ([https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/lastIndexOf)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/lastIndexOf)) but we can also draw inspiration from the documentation of TypedArray ([https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray/lastIndexOf](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray/lastIndexOf)) as suggested by @DerekNonGeneric
